feat(APM): Python Agent v10.8.1 Docs (#20345)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/python-release-notes/python-agent-100801.mdx

---
subject: 'Python agent'
releaseDate: '2025-03-31'
version: 10.8.1
downloadLink: 'https://pypi.python.org/pypi/newrelic'
features: []
bugs: ['Fix import error in Kombu instrumentation']
---

## Notes

This release of the Python agent fixes a bug with the latest [Kombu](https://pypi.org/project/kombu/) instrumentation.

Install the agent using `easy_install/pip/distribute` via the [Python Package Index](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/newrelic) or download it directly from the [New Relic download site](https://download.newrelic.com/python_agent/release).

## Bug fixes

* Fix import error in Kombu instrumentation

>   * A missing import in Kombu's instrumentation resulted in a crash for those using the instrumenation.  This has now been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A missing import in [Kombu](https://pypi.org/project/kombu/)'s instrumentation resulted in a crash for those using the instrumentation.  This has now been fixed.
```
